# Symbols Act

## Division 1: Act

### Section 1: Name
The name of this act is the Symbols Act.

### Section 2: Type
The act is a Protected Act.

## Division 2: Symbols

### Section 1: Purpose

The purpose of the Government of Promatia is to:
1. Establish a democracy that puts the power to create laws into the hands of its citizens.
2. Give citizens a way to create a meaningful impact.
3. Improve the standard of living for citizens of Promatia.
4. House the homeless population of the Australian continent.
5. Supply a safe zone for the citizens of pacific islands, to seek refuge from rising sea levels.
6. Remove government and corporate corruption found in representative democracies.
7. Reduce bureaucracy through the application of digital governance.

### Section 2: Name

#### Paragraph 1: Name
The official name of the government shall be the **Government of Promatia**, which may be referred to in legislation and official documents as the "Government".

#### Paragraph 2: Demonym
The demonym of the people of Promatia shall be **Promatian**.

### Section 3: Mottos
The official mottos of Promatia shall be:
1. **Vi veri vniversum vivus vici** a Latin phrase, of which the official translation shall be "By the power of truth, I while living, have conquered the universe".
2. **The Modern Solution To Governance**

### Section 3: Flag

#### Paragraph 1: Image
#### Paragraph 2: Colors
1. Promatia Blue: Hexadecimal #366FBE
2. White: Hexadecimal #FFFFFF

### Section 4: State Emblem

### Section 5: Capital City
The capital city of Promatia, and thus the city housing the headquarters of the Government, is the **City of Lumina**.

### Section 6: Language
The official language of Promatia shall be **Australian English**, with the IETF BCP 47 Language Tag of `en-au`.

### Section 7: Holidays
#### Paragraph 1: List
The list of Government holidays shall include:
| Name | Date | Type |
|--------------|-----------|------------|
| New Year's Day | 1 January | Traditional |
| Women's Day | 8 March | International |
| Labour Day | 1 May | International |
| WW2 Victory Day | 9 May | International |
| Promatia Day | 31 August | National |
| Men's Day | 19 November | International |

#### Paragraph 2: Monetary Award
Each citizen of Promatia shall be given 100 Promas on each Government holiday, with funds primarily derived from profits generated by State-Owned Enterprises. This rate shall increase each year at the rate of inflation.
